That's it.
What else do you have to say?
Hahahaha
Lord Mu, this is today
Hahaha misunderstanding
Misunderstanding
It's not all a misunderstanding
What about today's dispute?
It was caused by something and Su Xiaoman
We had no intention of getting involved in the beginning.
Having said that
But we were wrong to notice.
We are too gullible in their slander
Really blind to Tarzan
If there is any offense today
Hahaha offend offend
If you two have any requirements in the future
I, the British Kung Fu Wang family in Beijing, will definitely go all out
Learning martial arts is two words, right?
I am the minister of protection, Shu Li's family
Also to
Lord Mu and Commander Nangong apologized for a while
It can also meet all the needs of Lord Mu
And me
The imperial history has won a great deal. How offended is the holy family today?
I-I just haven't thought anything today
Listening to the play, the dog man and woman
You might as well forgive me.
Please forgive me.
The Chu family project has apologized, hahaha.
And our Sun family Fengsheng apologizes to you first.
And my Liu family, hahaha, and the Zhu family
I see
It's all a misunderstanding
Hahaha
You are all famous people in the capital
If I continue to delve deeper
Isn't this becoming my reluctance
Hahaha, I dare not be
Since you can meet all my requirements
then
Kneel down and break your arms
Kowtow and apologize
Hey this
Lord Mu can really joke, yes, yes, yes
Just kidding, tell the truth, hahaha.
I'm not kidding.
Then dare I ask what you mean?